so power book four force i've just given
us our first official look of tommy egan
in chicago it's just a little teaser
image with tommy with a caption damn we
missed this phase and this is going to
be one hell of a show 50 cent is
definitely saving his best till last
with powerbook full force and no doubt
this show will be crazy just recently i
made a video on powerbook 4 force
without 50 cent t's we could see
flashbacks of ghost and how it's really
going to bring the old power vibes back
and potentially even better because
there is so much they can do with the
power universe now especially with the
storyline with tariq tommy and tasha
which i do think they revisit in a few
seasons time whether it be on force or
powerbook 2 ghost but this image
definitely has me hyped for powerbook 4
force it really does because we all know
what tommy egan brings to power but this
time he's going to be even more
calculated more strategic widely cancels
christmas i'm going to keep this video
short and sweet because it's only one
small teaser image that they've given us
which i wanted to share with you guys
because i know some of you guys don't
use instagram or twitter but if you do
then make sure you guys follow the four
stars page on instagram and twitter if
you haven't done so already because this
definitely won't be the last teaser
image or video that they release in the
next two months or so so definitely make
sure you follow their socials but with
powerbook four forces release date we
can expect it to come early 2022 and
when we do get the official release date
which i assume they'll announce with the
trailer we break it down as usual i'm
gonna drop the links to all the
powerbook four force videos that i've
made over the past few months where i've
gone through a few of the characters and
what we can expect from them so all the
links will be down below in the
description and in the comments section
about characters such as simon jannard
diamond gloria and the flynn family but
drop all your comments down below on the
first official look for powerbook full
force drop all your predictions for the
tommy show as well and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already remember to
smash the subscribe button to see
everything power book 4 and power
universe related but as always thank you
guys for watching and i'll see you
next time